The sunshine， having no alternative，on the nothing new.
It was a bright cold day in April，and the clocks were striking thirteen
The past is a foreign country： they do things differently there.
It was the day my grandmother exploded.
They say when trouble comes close ranks， and so the white people did
All children， except one， grow up
There was no possibility of taking a walk that day.
Success is not final, failure is not fatal: It is the courage to continue that counts.
You miss 100% of the shots you don't take.
If you want to live a happy life, tie it to a goal, not to people or things.
The only way to do great work is to love what you do.
The best way to predict the future is to invent it.
Be the change you wish to see in the world.
The only thing we have to fear is fear itself.
If you can't explain it simply, you don't understand it well enough.
You must be the change you wish to see in the world.
Do not go where the path may lead, go instead where there is no path and leave a trail.
I have a dream that one day this nation will rise up and live out the true meaning of its creed: 'We hold these truths to be self-evident, that all men are created equal.'
Education is the most powerful weapon which you can use to change the world.
It is during our darkest moments that we must focus to see the light.
The only true wisdom is in knowing you know nothing.
A person who never made a mistake never tried anything new.
If you want to lift yourself up, lift up someone else.
Try not to become a man of success, but rather try to become a man of value.
Believe you can and you're halfway there.
Change your thoughts and you change your world.
A journey of a thousand miles begins with a single step.
Life is like riding a bicycle. To keep your balance, you must keep moving.
Happiness is not something ready made. It comes from your own actions.
Not everything that is faced can be changed, but nothing can be changed until it is faced.
The only limit to our realization of tomorrow will be our doubts of today.
I have not failed. I've just found 10,000 ways that won't work.
The greatest glory in living lies not in never falling, but in rising every time we fall.
It does not matter how slowly you go as long as you do not stop.
All our dreams can come true, if we have the courage to pursue them.
The secret of getting ahead is getting started.
If you want to make your dreams come true, the first thing you have to do is wake up.
Don't watch the clock; do what it does. Keep going.
Don't let yesterday take up too much of today.
You can't build a reputation on what you are going to do.
Life is 10% what happens to us and 90% how we react to it.
The best revenge is massive success.
I have learned over the years that when one's mind is made up, this diminishes fear.
The only way to do good work is to love what you do.
A year from now you may wish you had started today.
The only time you fail is when you fall down and stay down.
You don't have to be great to start, but you have to start to be great.
If you don't like something, change it. If you can't change it, change your attitude.
The only way to have a good idea is to have a lot of ideas.
You are never too old to set another goal or to dream a new dream.
The successful warrior is the average man, with laser-like focus.
A true hero isn't measured by the size of his strength, but by the strength of his heart.
Life is too short to waste your time on people who don't respect, appreciate, and value you.
Everything you've ever wanted is on the other side of fear.
Always do your best. What you plant now, you will harvest later.
The best way out is always through.
You are not a drop in the ocean. You are the entire ocean in a drop.
Failure is simply the opportunity to begin again, this time more intelligently.
You never know how strong you are until being strong is your only choice.
It's not the years in your life that count. It's the life in your years.
Success is not what you have, but who you are.
The only source of knowledge is experience.
Do what you can, with what you have, where you are.
If you're going through hell, keep going.
Nothing is impossible, the word itself says 'I'm possible'!
Your time is limited, don't waste it living someone else's life.
The best way to predict your future is to create it.
It's not what happens to you, but how you react to it that matters.
There is no greater agony than bearing an untold story inside you.
Be the change you want to see in the world.
In the end, it's not the years in your life that count. It's the life in your years.
The most difficult thing is the decision to act, the rest is merely tenacity.
The only thing necessary for the triumph of evil is for good men to do nothing.
The two most important days in your life are the day you are born and the day you find out why.
We are what we repeatedly do. Excellence, then, is not an act, but a habit.
Success is not final, failure is not fatal: it is the courage to continue that counts.
If you want to achieve greatness stop asking for permission.
Be yourself; everyone else is already taken.
Success usually comes to those who are too busy to be looking for it.
If you are not willing to risk the usual, you will have to settle for the ordinary.
Trust yourself. You know more than you think you do.
Don't be afraid to give up the good to go for the great.
Strive not to be a success, but rather to be of value.
